bpo-38605: Revert making 'from __future__ import annotations' the default (#25490)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-04-20-22-17-47.bpo-38605.9eeCNZ.rst

> Revert making 'from __future__ import annotations' the default. This follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revert making ``from __future__ import annotations`` the default. This follows
```
